{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fprq1\fcharset0 Lucida Console;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red1\green0\blue1;\red0\green128\blue0;\red163\green21\blue21;\red0\green0\blue165;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 Problems with Qt 4.5.2. documentation Qt 4.4.3 and Thid\par
Christrine and Joanna\par
\par
----\par
Creator\par
\par
Integrate with QTestLib\par
\par
-------\par
/git/bin/ssh-keygen does not work under MSYS\par
\par
------\par
Qt 4.6.0\par
\par
If QTDIR set in qtvars but not system environment, get\par
\par
-----\par
Did not update qhulltest.vcproj after installing a new version.\par
\par
Depends reports\par
\pard   \cf1\b\f1\fs17 Error: The Side-by-Side configuration information for "c:\\qt\\4.6.0\\bin\\MOC.EXE" contains errors. This application has failed to start because the application configuration is incorrect. Reinstalling the application may fix this problem (14001).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\b0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\f2\fs16 Moc'ing RboxPoints_test.cpp...\par
The system cannot execute the specified program.\par
Project : error PRJ0019: A tool returned an error code from "Moc'ing RboxPoints_test.cpp..."\par
\f0\fs20\par
\f2\fs16 WARNING: Can't find the Qt version that's associated with this project. Defaulting to 4.6.0 instead.\par
\f0\fs20\par
qhulltest.vcproj\par
\tab <Globals>\par
\tab\tab <Global\par
\tab\tab\tab Name="QtVersion"\par
\tab\tab\tab Value="4.5.2"\par
\tab\tab />\par
\tab\tab <Global\par
\tab\tab\tab Name="QtVersion Win32"\par
\tab\tab\tab Value="4.5.3"\par
\tab\tab />\par
\tab </Globals>\par
--------------\par
git\par
\par
exclude ConvexHull/* included the ConvexHull directory?  Not tmp/* or cpp/unused/*\par
\par
What does D mean?  Why not these files?\par
ISPY-/local/qhull/html> git checkout next\par
D       File_id.diz\par
D       QHULL-GO.pif\par
D       eg/Qhull-go.bat\par
D       eg/q_eg\par
D       eg/q_egtest\par
D       eg/q_test\par
D       eg/q_test.bat\par
D       html/qh--4d.gif\par
D       html/qh--cone.gif\par
D       html/qh--dt.gif\par
D       html/qh--geom.gif\par
D       html/qh--half.gif\par
D       html/qh--rand.gif\par
D       html/rbox.htm\par
D       html/rbox.man\par
D       html/rbox.txt\par
Switched to branch 'next'\par
\par
--\par
cd qhull3.0\par
164  git init\par
165  git add .\par
166  git commit\par
167  git config --global user.name bbarber\par
168  git config --global user.email bradb@shore.net\par
169  mv .git ../qhull3.1\par
170  cd ../qhull3.1\par
171  git add .\par
172  git commit -a\par
173  cd ../qhull2002.1\par
174  mv ../qhull3.1/.git .\par
175  git add .\par
176  git commit -a\par
177  mv .git ../qhull-2003.1/\par
178  cd ../qhull-2003.1/\par
179  git add .\par
180  git commit -a\par
git branch next\par
191  git checkout next\par
192  git status\par
193  git add .\par
194  git commit -a\par
195  git add .\par
196  git commit -a\par
197  git log --stat --summary\par
git remote add origin git@gitorious.org:qhull/qhull.git\par
\par
On CMD\par
/qt/git/bin\par
./sh\par
PATH=/bin:$PATH\par
ssh-agent \par
SSH_AUTH_SOCK=/tmp/ssh-JeBcgds488/agent.488; export SSH_AUTH_SOCK;\par
SSH_AGENT_PID=5252; export SSH_AGENT_PID;\par
echo Agent pid 5252;\par
ssh-add c:/bash/home/bbarber/.ssh/bradb@shore.net-091205\par
\par
On bash\par
export SSH_AUTH_SOCK=c:/qt/git/tmp/ssh-JeBcgds488/agent.488;\par
git push origin master\par
git push origin next\par
\par
e .git/info/exclude\par
html/trolltech.rtf\par
ConvexHull\par
ConvexHull/*\par
cpp/unused/*\par
news/*\par
qtpro/*/Makefile*\par
qtpro/*/object_script*\par
tmp/*\par
\par
# Executables\par
*.a\par
*.dll\par
*.exe\par
\par
# DevStudio files\par
*.bsc\par
*.ncb\par
*.pdb\par
*.suo\par
\par
# Data files\par
*.off\par
*.x\par
\par
\par
-----\par
\f3 ** Change to static link library before shipping, or define Qt for static linking.\par
\f0\par
-----\par
\pard\f4 4) No complaints if qhull.pro has 'CONFIG += debug', but the command line adds 'release'.\f5    It should be debug_and_release\par
\par
\f4 Running build steps for project qhull...\par
Starting: c:/qt/2009.05/qt/bin/qmake.exe C:/bash/local/qhull/qtpro/qhull/qhull.pro -spec win32-g++ -r CONFIG+=release \par
Exited with code 0.\par
Starting: C:/Qt/2009.05/mingw/bin/mingw32-make.exe -w \par
mingw32-make: Entering directory `C:/bash/local/qhull/qtpro/qhull'\par
C:/Qt/2009.05/mingw/bin/mingw32-make -f Makefile.Debug\par
mingw32-make[1]: Entering directory `C:/bash/local/qhull/qtpro/qhull'\par
mingw32-make[1]: Nothing to be done for `first'.\par
mingw32-make[1]: Leaving directory `C:/bash/local/qhull/qtpro/qhull'\par
mingw32-make: Leaving directory `C:/bash/local/qhull/qtpro/qhull'\par
Exited with code 0.\par
\par
\f5 --------\par
\f4 'Handling external libraries'  has a bad URL to 'Declaring other Libraries\par
\par
Why does the make file call both gcc and g++.  These appear to be the same in mingw, but is that necessarily so?\par
\par
gcc -c -g -Wall -DUNICODE -DQT_LARGEFILE_SUPPORT -DQT_DLL -DQT_CORE_LIB -DQT_THREAD_SUPPORT -I"c:\\Qt\\2009.05\\qt\\include\\QtCore" -I"c:\\Qt\\2009.05\\qt\\include" -I"c:\\Qt\\2009.05\\qt\\include\\ActiveQt" -I"..\\..\\tmp\\moc" -I"c:\\Qt\\2009.05\\qt\\mkspecs\\win32-g++" -o ..\\..\\tmp\\obj\\usermem.o ..\\..\\src\\usermem.c\par
g++ -enable-stdcall-fixup -Wl,-enable-auto-import -Wl,-enable-runtime-pseudo-reloc -mthreads -Wl -shared -Wl,--out-implib,..\\..\\tmp\\lib\\..\\..\\\\libqhull.a -o ..\\..\\qhull.dll object_script.qhull.Debug -L"c:\\Qt\\2009.05\\qt\\lib" -lQtCored4\par
Creating library file: ..\\..\\tmp\\lib\\..\\..\\\\libqhull.a\par
\par
\f5 ------\par
Executable is not relative to $BUILDDIR in qtcreator 'Could not find the executable".   It is relative to QTDIR/.. instead\f4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\par
\par
-----\par
Qhull users on 'const' and warn64\par
\par
-------\par
\f3  - Ask Jim and Andy about operator<<\par
 - Note to Jim Frost on coding conventions\par
\f0\par
-----\par
\f3 Style  &*r.Coordinates() -- Search Qt\par
\par
\f0 -----\par
Find python program for counters.  Change user.h to last code instead of next.  When were error codes added?  Put into changes.txt\par
\par
----\par
Options->Text Editor->File Formats->XML -- Review formating options\par
\par
---\par
#def symbol for QT_VERSION\par
\par
---\par
\cf2\f3 How to\par
  using\cf0  \cf3 orgQhull\cf0 ::\cf3 QhullVertexSet::PrintVertexSet\cf0 ;\par
\par
\f2\fs16 ..\\cpp\\QhullVertex.cpp(46) : error C2885: 'orgQhull::QhullVertexSet::PrintVertexSet': not a valid using-declaration at non-class scope\par
\f3\fs20\par
\f0 ---\par
Why does moving operator<< into orgQhull cause errors for RboxPoints_test?\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f6\fs24 ------\par
C++, why does \f3\fs20     \cf4 //friend std::ostream & operator<<(std::ostream &os, Point &p);\par
\cf0\f6\fs24 in point.h cause operator<< to fail for Points and QhullFacet?  Is the friend in orgQhull hide the operator in global?\par
-----\par
Add documentation 'Initializing References' in 'Initializers[C++]' . Tricky rules\par
----\par
next, previous, peekPrevious, and peekNext returns an iterator [typedef'd as 'Item' in qiterator.h], but the documented signature is T&.  How is the conversion done?\f2\fs16  \f6\fs24\par
----\par
What is role of operator=?\par
----\par
Need to count XPASSs per testcase.  These need fixing in the test code.  Otherwise hidden in log.  (QEXPECTED_FAIL)\par
---\par
Can you use ostream<<FacetList to write to a QString?  \par
---\par
QFIXUP(int, message) for messages into the test log.  Need callback or count of each type\par
Workaround\par
\f3\fs20     \cf3 QEXPECT_FAIL\cf0 (0,\cf5 "toQList for QhullFacetList"\cf0 , \cf3 QTest\cf0 ::\cf3 Continue\cf0 );\par
    \cf3 QCOMPARE\cf0 (\cf3 fs2\cf0 .\cf3 count\cf0 (),6);\par
\cf2 ----\par
Can not conditional compile a member function e.g., QHullFacetSet.toStdVector.  So a library needs to know all includes.\par
toQList must be defined outside of class.\par
toQLIst(QHullFacet)\par
qhullcpp includes\par
"..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\QtCore","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\QtCore","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\QtGui","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\QtGui","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\QtTest","..\\src","..\\..\\4.3.0\\include\\ActiveQt","moc","uic_h",".",..\\..\\4.3.0\\mkspecs\\win32-msvc2005\par
Qhulltest includes\par
.,..\\cpp,..\\..\\cpp,..\\src,..\\..\\src,..\\tmp,..\\..\\tmp,"\\qt\\4.3.0\\include\\QtCore","\\qt\\4.3.0\\include\\QtGui","\\qt\\4.3.0\\include","\\qt\\4.3.0\\include\\QtTest","\\qt\\4.3.0\\include\\ActiveQt",\\qt\\4.3.0\\mkspecs\\win32-msvc2005\par
How does template instantiation know when to define a function and where.  Is the same rule for globals as members?\par
Can you specialize a templated base class or does the declaration need to be specialized as well?  Can not specialize a templated base class.  The specialization has to occur before declaring the derived class, but need the derived class to implement the specialization\par
#\cf4 //Conversion \par
#//ClassRefs before //Types\par
\cf0     \cf3 std\cf0 ::\cf3 vector\cf0 <\cf3 QhullVertex\cf0 > \cf3 vertices_toStdVector\cf0 () \cf2 const\cf0 ;\par
\cf4 How to use precompiled headers with Qt\par
Need QSTOP or QBREAK to cancel a test\par
'\cf6\f2\fs16 scalar deleting destructor' What does this mean in calling ~QhullQh from ~Qhull\cf4\f3\fs20\par
copy assignment needed for vector<T> \par
\cf2 #ifndef\cf0  \cf3 QT_NO_STL\par
std\cf0 ::\cf3 vector\cf0 <\cf3 QhullFacet\cf0 > \cf3 QhullFacetSet\cf0 ::\par
\cf3 toStdVector\cf0 () \cf2 const\par
\cf0\{\par
    \cf3 QhullFacetSetIterator\cf0  \cf3 i\cf0 (*\cf2 this\cf0 );\par
    \cf3 std\cf0 ::\cf3 vector\cf0 <\cf3 QhullFacet\cf0 > \cf3 vs\cf0 ;\par
    \cf3 vs\cf0 .\cf3 reserve\cf0 (\cf3 i\cf0 .\cf3 countRemaining\cf0 ());\par
    \cf2 while\cf0 (\cf3 i\cf0 .\cf3 hasNext\cf0 ())\{\par
        \cf3 vs\cf0 .\cf3 push_back\cf0 (\cf3 i\cf0 .\cf3 next\cf0 ());\par
    \}\par
    \cf2 return\cf0  \cf3 vs\cf0 ;\par
\}\cf4 //toStdVector\par
\cf2 #endif\par
\par
\cf0\f6\fs24\par
---\par
Highlights 'operator' as misspelled\par
\f3\fs20    \cf2 using\cf0                \cf3 Point\cf0 ::\cf2 operator\cf0 [];\par
\f6\fs24 ---------\par
Gotcha\par
\f3\fs20     \cf3 Point\cf0  \cf3 p2\cf0 ();\par
    \cf3 QVERIFY\cf0 (\cf3 p2\cf0 ==\cf3 p\cf0 );\par
\f2\fs16 ..\\cpp\\qhulltest\\Point_test.cpp(62) : error C2679: binary '==' : no operator found which takes a right-hand operand of type 'orgQhull::Point' (or there is no acceptable conversion)\par
\f6\fs24 ---\par
   <no include file>\par
  \cf3\f3\fs20 QHULL_DECLARE_SEQUENTIAL_ITERATOR\cf0 (\cf3 Point\cf0 , \cf3 coordT\cf0 )\par
\f2\fs16 c:\\bash\\local\\qhull\\cpp\\Point.h(137) : error C4430: missing type specifier - int assumed.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 ----\par
Use an extra space  '\f3  : ' in initializer lists\par
\f0\par
============================\par
== Qt newsletter\par
============================\par
\par
QLineEdit\par
QToolBox\par
http://www.froglogic.com/freeware/\par
missed a Taste of Qt 4\par
See http://doc.trolltech.com/ 3.3/activeqt-dotnet.html for details.\par
For more information about using precompiled headers, see http://doc.trolltech.com/3.3/qmake-manual-7.html.\par
add defrag for paging file\par
\par
mssing\par
file://localhost/C:/download/Qt Quarterly/qq11-events.html\par
\par
============================\par
== DevStudio notes\par
============================\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 DevStudio8/vc/include/vector -- change ++* to ++\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tab _Myt operator--(int)\par
\tab\tab\{\tab // postdecrement\par
\tab\tab _Myt _Tmp = *this;\par
\tab\tab _SCL_SECURE_VALIDATE(this->_Mycont != NULL);\par
\tab\tab _SCL_SECURE_VALIDATE_RANGE(_Myptr >= ((_Myvec *)(this->_Mycont))->_Myfirst);\par
\tab\tab --_Myptr;\par
\tab\tab return (_Tmp);\par
\tab\tab\}\par
\par
\par
\tab # Instead of\par
\tab _Myt operator--(int)\par
\tab\tab\{\tab // postdecrement\par
\tab\tab _Myt _Tmp = *this;\par
\tab\tab --*this;\par
\tab\tab return (_Tmp);\par
\tab\tab\}\par
\par
============================\par
== Qt notes\par
============================\par
\par
-----------------------\par
Cust ID 43151\par
Licence 1530522\par
Brad Barber\par
\par
---------------------------------------\par
vcapp does not set "Configuration->C++->Output files->Program Database Filename" and "Configuation->C++->Browse Information->Browse file"  By default, both are set to DESTDIR.\par
\par
ProgramDatabaseFile="thidd.pdb"\par
\par
------------------------------------------\par
vcapp/vclib does not set "Configuration->C++->Browse Information->Enable Browse Information->Include all Browse Information (/FR)\par
\par
QRegExp is not precompiled\par
\par
QRegExp does not capture positive look-ahead #163710\par
\par
Xml Schema for .ui files #163702\par
\par
Use "docked=true" to position DockWidgets\par
\par
    * [156793] Introduced PRECOMPILED_DIR for PCH output (defaults to\par
      OBJECTS_DIR).\par
    * [257985] Fixed qmake location detection bug.\par
    * Ensured that empty INCLUDEPATH definitions are stripped out.\par
    * Allow QMAKE_UUID to override qmake deteremined UUID in the vcproj\par
      generator.\par
\par
----\par
EOF\par
}
 